Added a note about giving mic access on mac (#53325)
Azure/azure-content: articles/cognitive-services/Speech-Service/includes/quickstarts/from-microphone/python/python.md

## Build and run app

> Now you're ready to test the app, and verify the speech recognition functionality using the Speech service.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you're ready to test speech recognition using the Speech service. 
```

> If you are running this app on a Mac, you may need to give microphone access to the Terminal application. In System Settings, open Security & Privacy, go to the Privacy tab, and select Microphone in the list, then check Terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're running this on macOS, and it's the first Python app you've built that uses a microphone, you'll probably need to give Terminal access to the microphone. Open **System Settings** and select **Security & Privacy**. Next, select **Privacy** and locate **Microphone** in the list. Last, select **Terminal** and save. 
```
